docs: updates for release (#6762)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-io.md

Both components accept user input and return a `Message` object, but serve different purposes.

The **Text Input** component accepts a text string input and returns a `Message` object containing only the input text. The output does not appear in the **Playground**.

The **Chat Input** component accepts multiple input types including text, files, and metadata, and returns a `Message` object containing the text along with sender information, session ID, and file attachments.

The **Chat Input** component provides an interactive chat interface in the **Playground**.

## Chat Input

This component collects user input as `Text` strings from the chat and wraps it in a [Message](/concepts-objects) object that includes the input text, sender information, session ID, file attachments, and styling properties.

It can optionally store the message in a chat history.

### Inputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|
|input_value|Text|The Message to be passed as input.
|should_store_message|Store Messages|Store the message in the history.|
|sender|Sender Type|The type of sender.|
|sender_name|Sender Name|The name of the sender.|

> |session_id|Session ID|The session ID of the chat. If empty, the current session ID parameter will be used.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|session_id|Session ID|The session ID of the chat. If empty, the current session ID parameter is used.|
```

This component collects user input from the chat.

The Chat Input component creates a [Message](/concepts-objects) object that includes the input text, sender information, session ID, file attachments, and styling properties.

> The component accepts the following input types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The component accepts Text strings
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> * Text strings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* [Data](/concepts-objects#data-object)
* [DataFrame](/concepts-objects#dataframe-object)
* [Message](/concepts-objects#message-object)
* Lists of any of the above data types

### Inputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|

> |input_value|Text|The Message to be passed as input. Accepts text, data objects, messages, and dataframes.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|input_value|Text|The Message to be passed as input. 
```

### Inputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|

> |input_value|Text|The text to be passed as input.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|input_value|Text|The text/content to be passed as output.|
```

## Chat Output

The **Chat Output** component creates a [Message](/concepts-objects#message-object) object that includes the input text, sender information, session ID, and styling properties.

The component accepts the following input types.
* [Data](/concepts-objects#data-object)
* [DataFrame](/concepts-objects#dataframe-object)
* [Message](/concepts-objects#message-object)

### Inputs

| Name | Display Name | Info |
|------|--------------|------|
|input_value|Text|The message to be passed as output.|
|should_store_message|Store Messages|The flag to store the message in the history.|
|sender|Sender Type|The type of sender.|
|sender_name|Sender Name|The name of the sender.|

> |session_id|Session ID|The session ID of the chat. If empty, the current session ID parameter will be used.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|session_id|Session ID|The session ID of the chat. If empty, the current session ID parameter is used.|
```

> |data_template|Data Template|The template to convert Data to Text. If left empty, it will be dynamically set to the Data's text key.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|data_template|Data Template|The template to convert Data to Text. If the option is left empty, it is dynamically set to the Data's text key.|
```
